[soft, upbeat music]
[elevator dings]
[thuds]
[heavy breathing]
[bear growls]
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
[Man On Radio]
Sell it to me.
I'll take it in any
condition, stains and all.
I'll even pick it up.
Turn your mattress into cash.
Call 1-800-M-A-T-R-E-S-S today.
[Giannis]
Hi, I'm Dr. Giannis Kastodide,
but you can call me Dr. Greek.
At Hellenic Hypnosis, we've
helped thousands of people
just like you get
over addictions,
whether it's alcohol, tobacco,
opiates, prescription drugs,
cocaine, cannabis,
amphetamines, hallucinogens,
inhalants, PCP.
Impulse control disorders, too,
like kleptomania, pyromania,
gambling, pornography, sex,
and exercise addictions.
At Hellenic Hypnosis
we can help you.
Call today
for a free consultation.
It's 1-800-Da-Greek.
That's 1-800-D-A-G-R-E-E-K.
Hellenic Hypnosis.
We can help you breathe in the
healing love of the universe.
[Announcer]
And now back to our show.
[Man 1]
Daddy, what's that sound?
[Man 2]
Don't worry, it's just Cramer J
- and Captain Dingus.
- [rock music]
And we are back. 96.5.
[Cramer J And Captain Dingus]
WECC.
Rocks!
We are back
in the Grotto.
I'm Cramer J with my
co-host Captain Dingus.
Welcome to the Grotto.
The towels are clean,
but the water is dirty.
In the studio today
we have Rufus Paisley
from the beloved rock club,
Rollers,
and you guys are celebrating
a big anniversary tomorrow.
How many years do you guys
have now?
Uh, hard to believe it,
but 100.
[Captain Dingus] What kind
of gift do you even get
for a hundred year anniversary?
How about a coffin?
Okay. All right.
You are a sick man in
more ways than one line.
- [Captain Dingus laughs]
- [blows raspberry]
That's a spicy meat ball.
Now, Rufus, tell us
how do you keep a place
like Rollers open
for 100 years?
Woo, um, that's a great
question.
Such a great question,
you don't even have an answer.
You know it's just, I don't...
I don't want to go on a
uninvited rant.
No, please consider
yourself invited.
Okay, I mean, it's just a,
it's just an interesting time
to be running a club right now.
I mean, I feel like
the old timer
still on the block,
you know?
The disease has like really
taken hold.
Yeah, you know, Rufus
there is a new musical venue
and you don't need an agent,
you don't need a record deal,
you don't need a manager,
and you don't even need talent.
It's called the Internet.
Ah, says the dude
on the radio.
Oh!
- Ouch!
- Burn alert!
That hurt.
That, that hurt.
I expected more from you.
And now your parents.
Your dad, Winston.
We've had him
on the show before.
He kept Rollers humming
for damn near 40 years
and famously turned this
obscure little jazz nightclub
into the staple
of our local music scene.
He booked rock bands,
orchestras, singer songwriters.
- Prince.
- Prince who?
- Okay.
- Yeah.
[Cramer J] Captain Dingus
still stupid. Go on.
I mean, eh, listen,
seriously, he booked talent.
Good music and people
with a great voice.
Ural Thomas, the one who's
playing the anniversary,
my dad's one of the first
people to get behind him.
So we're just gonna keep it
goin'.
So Rufus, before coming back
to Rollers,
you were in a spicy little band.
Mhm, The Duty of Man.
If I can just chime in
here, I love that name.
And now your former
band mate Tyler Bolton
has minted three platinum
records
and a couple of Grammy's
in under five years.
Do you ever regret leaving
life on the road behind?
Uh...
[chuckles]
Um...
[soft music]
[people chattering]
♪ Some say why me ♪
- [cheering]
- [clapping]
♪ I say ♪
♪ Why me ♪
♪ Somebody tell me ♪
[upbeat music]
♪ Oh oh, yeah ♪
♪ He left you ♪
♪ So you're takin'
it out on me ♪
♪ Givin' me nothin', no ♪
♪ But hurt and misery ♪
♪ I'll never be ♪
♪ I'll never be the same ♪
♪ Pain is the name
of your game ♪
♪ Pain's the name of your game ♪
All right, all right,
all right, all right.
I brought you guys together
because I just wanted to say
thank you.
Thank you, thank you from
the bottom of my heart
for being here.
I really can't believe it's
already been five years
since we took over.
Since mom and dad died.
- Mom and dad died?
- [Jane chuckles]
Yes.
And truth be told,
Maddie's the one who said
reviving Rollers
would never work.
[group exclaims]
So because of that,
because we did-
[clapping]
[Jane] I hope you
wrote this ahead of time.
- Yes.
- I did, I, come on.
I did tell Rufus that this
wouldn't work.
- No.
To tell you the truth, it
scares the shit out of me, but,
I love you all.
I love you, too.
And thanks for coming on
this rock journey with us.
All right, get the words out.
So...
[laughing]
- She's hammered.
- To 100 more great years.
[laughing]
And, and, to our mom and dad.
We wouldn't be here without 'em.
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
Cheers.
Cheers, cheers, cheers.
♪ All I got is respect, baby ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
- Let's go down there.
- God, move it.
Come on.
- All right.
- [laughing]
Go forth you drunkard.
See you downstairs.
Let the Lord lead ya.
♪ You got yourself ♪
♪ You got yourself to blame ♪
[upbeat music]
♪ Baby ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ You hurt me so ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Baby ♪
♪ Why, why, why ♪
♪ Do you wanna cause me
all this pain ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, baby ♪
♪ Whoa oh oh ♪
♪ Ow ♪
[soft, tense music]
[Stan]
Rufus, it's Stan.
From the bank.
Now I'm not trying to
throw him under the bus,
but your business manager,
shit, uh, what's his name?
Donnie.
He told me that someone's making
a real offer to buy Rollers
and I know he's not the
sharpest crayon in the canister,
but listen to him this time,
Rufus,
because Potter is grinding
my balls into dust.
You could dissolve them
in water.
So be a man.
Put your tail between your legs,
and take whatever
they're offering.
Shit, take me to Tahiti or
something.
God knows I need a
vacation from this asshole.
I'm pullin' for you, kid.
I'll see you on the other side.
[Cramer J]
WECC, this Cramer J
and co-host Captain Dingus
coming to you
live from the Grotto.
Now this may be a prank,
but our producer Jerry
just handed us two tickets
for caller 69
to see The Wonkies at
Rollers this weekend.
[Captain Dingus]
Ha, The Wonkies?
Their big hit,
"That's My Pudding,"
is taking the world by storm.
[Cramer J] Time's have changed.
Caller 69, here's your chance
to snag free Wonkies tickets
to one of the three nights at
Rollers.
Again, I saw vanity under the
sun.
One person has no other,
neither son nor brother.
And yet there is no end to all
his toil,
so that he never asks
for whom am I toiling
and depriving myself
of pleasure?
This is also vanity
and an unhappy business...
Hey man.
You okay?
[tense music]
The fool folds his hands
and eats his own flesh.
[tense music]
- Hey!
- Ah sh...
- Come on, man.
- You listened to
- the link I sent you yet?
- Huh?
- You good?
- What'd you say?
Have you listened
to that link yet?
Oh, no.
I'm putting it on my list,
though.
[Quinn] You need to
listen to that now, man.
You're slackin'. Slackin'.
[upbeat, funky music]
♪ Give the people
what they want ♪
♪ I'll keep tellin' lies
until I make it ♪
♪ You think
I got what you want ♪
♪ Everything I have is
for the takin' ♪
♪ And the people say ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Give the people
what they want ♪
♪ I'll keep tellin' lies
until I make it ♪
♪ You think I got
what you want ♪
♪ Everything I have
is for the takin' ♪
[upbeat, funky music]
[water pattering]
Ah, what the hell man?
[Carl] Oh, sorry Rufus.
- Hey.
- Carl, man.
I said if I'm in here,
you can't be in here.
I'm sorry, Rufus, but
there's plenty of room.
I mean it's not...
You just gonna use my soap?
I forgot mine.
I'll just use a little.
You got the good soap.
[Carl laughs]
This smells good.
Yeah, uh man, I was having
a good time in there, man.
You ain't gotta leave.
No, I'm done, man.
Enjoy yourself, man.
♪ When I used to ♪
[Carl] Hey Rufus, did
you use all the hot water?
♪ Maybe it's 'cause ♪
♪ She don't like to do things
I do ♪
♪ She likes to stay at home ♪
♪ So we can be alone, yeah ♪
♪ I like to have a choice ♪
♪ I can't see where that's
wrong, no ♪
♪ I will say this though ♪
♪ Baby, baby, are you okay ♪
♪ 'Cause I, I'm gonna show you
how ♪
- ♪ I love you ♪
- [upbeat, funky music]
♪ I really do, girl ♪
Um, hey, so, you want the
good news first or the bad news?
I don't actually have any
good news, it's just bad news.
Um, so I'm gonna start
with that.
Um, so Gordon and Ballsack are
thinking about getting creative.
So what that means is like,
playing dirty,
like pulling a string
with the city-
Yeah, I'm capable of using
my own skills of deduction.
Thank you very much.
It's a reduction, actually.
[Rufus sighs]
Assholes.
- We should sell.
- I don't wanna sell, man.
They're going to destroy
the entire neighborhood.
Maybe, but it's not really
your job
to stop that from happening.
Ugh, man.
They can just eat a whole
bag of pickled pubes.
[Donnie chuckles]
Have you talked to
Maddie about this yet?
No, not yet.
You should talk to Maddie.
Yeah, I will, I just,
I'll just wait
until after the show's over
when things are less...
[exhales]
Up in the air.
Mhm.
What?
- Hey, Maeve.
- Where'd the money
- go, Rufus?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Uh, he's not interested
at the moment.
No, no, no, no.
Don't, don't, don't come here.
[Maddie laughs]
Here?
I was here.
I was here alone sweating
it out for two years
while you were out on tour.
Yeah, well, not lately.
Not lately at all.
Look, Maddie, we made this baby
together.
- Baby?
- Okay, so,
now that we're having
problems you can't just run...
- What do you mean?
- [upbeat music]
This is childish! Childish!
Listen, listen, you
know I can't fight back.
No, you can fight me.
You're being a pussy!
Well then come at me
then, you bitch! Jesus!
[Maddie yells]
[Maddie] I swear to
god I'm gonna murder you.
Ah!
Oh ho ho, I'm not falling
for that.
Oh no, I'm hot.
- Wait.
- I'm hot.
- Seriously?
- [Rufus groans]
I think, oh, I think
I'm having a heart attack.
[Rufus sighs]
Your heart's going insane.
Yeah that's not how you tell
if I'm having a heart attack.
Well how am I supposed
to tell?
I don't know.
Okay then how do you know?
That's not how I tell.
- I don't know.
- Look, just lay flat.
[grunting]
[Rufus] Ow, my nose
is tingling.
[Rufus panting]
- Deep breaths.
- [panting]
Okay, come on.
- Okay.
- Come on, Rufus.
Deep breaths.
- Try.
- I can't.
I can't do...
Try.
- In through the nose.
- [Rufus inhales]
- Out through the mouth.
- [Rufus sighs]
- In through the nose.
- [Rufus inhales]
- Out through the mouth.
- [Rufus sighs]
You're just having a panic
attack.
Come on.
[grunting]
I don't think I have anxiety.
We all have anxiety.
Okay. All right.
Okay, you just, all right, you
just...
Yeah.
Okay.
[heavy breathing]
Hey, okay.
All right, geez, you're
all up in my business.
[heavy breathing]
[Maddie sighs]
Thanks, mom.
[heavy breathing]
Sure.
What are you doing now?
Stress eating.
Ah, yeah.
[grunts]
[Rufus moaning]
Stop me in exactly 60 seconds.
- Same.
- Mhm.
[Maddie] Mmm.
Mm. Oh.
You know, we have to take the
offer.
Look Maddie, you know,
the shows are gonna
get the bank off of our backs,
and then we can start
climbing out of this hole.
I mean, we'll have to do a
bunch of birthday parties
and homeschool proms, but
I mean, we'll make it work.
Then what?
After things go back to
normal, I'll just buy you out.
I mean, 'cause what am I gonna
do
with a shit ton of money
anyway, right? [chuckles]
Like I'm gonna pay for
my kid to go to college,
buy a house so I can live in it
alone?
Buy myself a music career?
[laughs]
Yeah. [sighs]
You know they're dead, right?
What's that supposed to mean?
It means you can stop trying
to earn your place in the
family.
This is not about them.
You don't have to prove
anything to Jane, either.
Pfft, please.
I just...
[Rufus grunts]
[Rufus sighs]
I just need some more time.
[grunts]
How long is the offer alive?
Until Sunday.
- [Maddie sighs]
- Yeah.
Please?
[Maddie groans]
I'm pregnant.
With what? A pause? [chuckles]
That was a good one.
With a baby.
I'm gonna be an uncle?
[Maddie exclaims]
Wow.
Is it Jamie's?
- Come here, come here.
- [laughing]
Oh, that's awesome.
Oh!
Oh, thank you, Rufie.
[Rufus sighs]
Oh man.
That changes things a lot.
That's why I feel like maybe
it's-
No, no, I'm gonna have my
nephew or my niece like...
Actually, we should just make it
a girl.
I think it's a boy.
We'll see.
But regardless, we gotta
save Rollers for her.
Rufus.
We have to save it.
For her.
Hm?
Come on, mommy.
Help Uncle Rufie.
[Maddie laughs]
See the resemblance?
I guess we could see how the
show goes
- before we make a call.
- Thank you, thank you.
Thank you so much.
Thank you for your inspiration.
Oh, this is great.
Thank you.
Thank you, seriously.
This is awesome. All right.
Seriously.
Yeah.
What?
I tried to keep her out.
Who?
- Her?
- Oh, balls...
♪ Why you wanna make me blue ♪
Mr. Paisley.
Mrs. Gordon.
♪ I cried many nights for you,
girl ♪
♪ Why ♪
Thank you.
- [Maeve chuckles]
- You first.
It's not poisoned.
See?
[sniffs]
You can't fool me.
I've seen the Princess Bride.
And luckily I too am immune to
the effects of iocane powder,
so it's a stalemate.
This doesn't have to end badly,
Rufus.
It's Mr. Paisley to you.
After all Rufus,
despite my best efforts,
my client insists on overpaying
you for your property,
instead of waiting to acquire it
once the bank forecloses on it.
It seems that he doesn't
like to admit defeat,
much like someone else we know.
But if you insist on being
stubborn,
we will acquire the property
eventually.
You see, we have developed
an arsenal full of tactics.
You think you can buy
anything you want, huh?
Well, not anything, but...
Most things, yeah.
Well you can't buy me
and you can't buy Rollers,
especially not with money,
or this jar of delicious
cherries.
We found your old music.
It's good.
[Rufus scoffs]
What do you know about good
music?
I followed Pink Floyd for three
years
before I went to law school.
Wow. Wow. [chuckles]
That's super cool.
Can I ask you a question about
that?
How does Maeve Gordon
go from a David Gilmore
banging groupie to a
heartless corporate lackey?
She grows up.
Depressing.
Seems like you're having a
barrel
of laughs right now yourself.
[tense music]
- [hits]
- [glass clatters]
[tense rock music]
[upbeat soul music]
♪ Too fast ♪
♪ Said you better slow down ♪
♪ How can you make it last ♪
♪ If you're movin' too fast ♪
♪ Slow down baby ♪
♪ Don't move so fast ♪
♪ Make it right and good ♪
♪ You gotta make it last ♪
♪ By slowin' down ♪
[upbeat soul music]
♪ If you want it ♪
♪ I'm not your perfect angel ♪
♪ To be good to ya ♪
♪ Baby what you want and I'll do
it ♪
♪ You gotta slow it down now,
yeah ♪
♪ And make it last ♪
♪ Baby what you want me to do ♪
[can clatters]
The Wonkies are here!
They're here.
I'll meet you down there.
What's the matter, man?
This is the biggest act we've
ever booked.
I know, man.
- I'm, I'm pumped, bro.
- [laughing]
We sell out all three nights,
we'll nip this thing right in
the butt.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I told you I'm pumped, but uh,
did you mail that check?
Rufus, come on.
What kind of business
manager would I be if...
Yep.
[Rufus grunts]
- [guitar strumming]
- [drum banging]
Yo, Rufus, more in the ears.
You got it.
Is he gettin' the pop?
Pop, pop, pop check, pop check.
Poppa check.
- Pop it.
- Pop, pop, pop, get that.
- [guitar strumming]
- [drum banging]
I think we're golden.
Rock and roll.
You two wouldn't know rock and
roll
if it took a shit on your chest.
[thuds]
- [drum banging]
- [guitar strumming]
I'm good, I'm good!
[Rufus] We've got you
booked for three nights.
My special boy got electrocuted.
[Lead Singer]
I'm gonna try the bear
- in the other outlet.
- Okay.
[buzzing]
[glass shatters]
The fuck?
Yeah. By your inflatable bear.
It's your electricity.
He's not even injured.
Well, thank God but our lawyer
said
that we can claim the losses
with our insurance company
and we'll still get paid,
so, we're gonna do that.
What about your fans?
Well, what about us, man?
We were banking on these shows.
I know. That is a bummer.
- Okay.
- Mm?
Begging.
Okay. All right.
Begging, begging.
- Ian.
- Good.
I'm begging you, man, please,
just play the shows we agreed
to.
- Begging?
- Play the shows we agreed to.
Begging?
Please just play the shows we
agreed to.
- Begging.
- Play the shows we agreed to.
- Bro!
Play the shows we agreed to,
man.
Begging, begging, thinking.
Thinking.
Thinking, thinking, thinking,
- thinking, thinking, thinking.
- Play the shows we agreed to.
Thinking thoughts.
Rufus, we've been on the road
playing this garbage for six
months,
and the universe just handed
us three paid days off,
and I'm gonna take 'em!
[items clattering]
- You'll figure it out.
- Thanks, man.
You're, you're, you're, you're a
grade A,
FDA approved clown, bro.
[Ian] You're the one that booked
us.
What the?
[Rufus scoffs]
[laughs]
Ah.
That was rough.
What are you doing in here, man?
I was looking for an
opportunity to interject
and it never really came.
Rufie? My, my baby boy.
There are 500 people out there
who want to pay good money to
see them.
Tomorrow night there will be
more.
The night after that, 500 more.
Yeah, I know. I know, I know.
Then please, pursue him.
Beg him. I am begging you to beg
him.
But I already begged.
I was down on my knees. I
begged, I begged, I begged.
I didn't hear you offer to jerk
him off.
I would've hit him.
I can't believe you didn't hit
him.
[grunting]
- [hitting]
- [grunting]
Ian got shitty.
Yes.
Maybe it's the universe
telling us we're selling out.
But we're a concert venue.
Selling out is what we're
supposed to try to do.
Yeah, but not like that.
I get it.
Look man, I, I don't like The
Wonkies anymore than you do,
but if we don't get the
bank a check on Monday,
they're going to foreclose on
Rollers.
Yeah.
We'll figure it out without 'em.
[upbeat music]
Chaz, hey man.
[Chaz] What's up Rufus? How's it
goin'?
[Rufus] Yeah, yeah, yeah,
that's actually why I was
calling.
- We had a little mix up.
- Huh.
[Rufus] And I was wondering
if you and the Afro girls
wanted to come down uh,
and, and, and rock out.
[Chaz] Uh, you just bumped us?
[Rufus] Yeah, yeah, I-
[Chaz] Kinda lame you're
calling me back like this.
[Rufus] Chaz, come on, man.
I'll make it up to you, man,
I swear.
[Chaz] Okay, gotta go, Rufus.
- Chaz.
- Uh, I'll see you around.
- Talk to you sometime.
- [line beeps]
♪ Everybody's pushing the same
route ♪
♪ So don't keep no distance
between you and me ♪
No, no, it's great to talk to
you.
Yeah, yeah, I was wondering if
you wanted
to come by and play
Rollers this Friday, man.
It'd be a great opportunity
for you and the band.
[grunts]
Yeah.
All right.
Well get Francis on the phone,
then.
Oh hey, dude. I got an
opening this Friday.
How's Brazil?
Yeah.
Okay. At Carnival, huh?
[laughs]
Ah, you're hilarious.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
All right, well thank you. Bye.
Ah ha.
Jesus loves you, too.
All right. Bye.
- [upbeat music]
- [thudding]
Dude, I'm sorry. I had no idea.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Take care.
[upbeat, funky music]
[Tyler] Hey, it's
Tyler. Leave me a message.
♪ I'm so happy baby ♪
♪ For you I'd walk 100 miles ♪
♪ 100 miles ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ They need to hear the words ♪
♪ You hit 'em with your
love like a thunder bird ♪
♪ It only takes a minute
to find out that ♪
♪ Everybody's pushing the same
route ♪
♪ So don't keep no distance
between you and me ♪
[upbeat music]
♪ No distance baby ♪
[knocking]
[Tyler] Back here.
What is up, bro?
Living the dream, man.
[Rufus grunts]
Yeah.
No kiddin'.
[Tyler] You want something?
Like a drink?
Oh no, no, I'm good. I'm good.
Oh come on man. Have a drink.
All right. Well, whatever,
whatever you're havin'.
[mumbling]
To be, or not to be.
That is, that's the question,
bro-
[Tyler] You're fuckin' great,
man.
Oh, uh [chuckles] thanks bro.
[Tyler] Those boots are fire.
Oh uh, yeah.
Been rockin' these for awhile.
To your success.
- Yeah, man.
- [glasses clink]
Things well?
Oh yeah, man, yeah. Totally.
Things are solid.
- Yeah?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, man.
I'm makin' it. Thanks for
asking.
Oh, shoot.
- Dude, yes.
- Boom.
I've been wanting one of these.
- Thank you.
Turn around, Superman.
Ah. There you go.
- Look at that.
- [Tyler chuckles]
[laughing]
- Yeah, dude.
- Dude, I love it.
[soft synth music]
[Tyler chuckles]
I'll bounce your ass.
[soft synth music]
[soft, tense music]
[Rufus sighs]
[Donnie] Who'd you get?
[Rufus grumbles]
Yeah, I didn't get anybody
either.
Oh, man.
It's only been 30 minutes.
Yeah, I think really fast.
- [drink spurting]
- Oh!
Dude.
Weird.
We're on the brink of disaster.
Yes. About that.
Um, I've been thinking
and I think that we should
take that offer from Gordon and
Ballsack.
- [drink spurting]
- Oh!
[Donnie laughs]
No.
Well we're not swimming
in options here, man.
Yeah, I know, I just...
[Rufus sighs]
What if I got another personal
loan
and pay off payroll for the
month?
They wouldn't give you
a Diner's Club card, baby.
[Rufus groans]
Oh, I feel like Denethor staring
over
the mountains of Shadow.
Sauron's gathering his armies,
and we're the only ones left
standing
between him and what's
left of Middle Earth.
Is that a new neighborhood?
[drink spurting]
- What's wrong with your beers?
- What's wrong with you?
You know, okay, all right.
You know, it's time for you to
go, sir.
I have got to think.
No, I'm thinking, I'm thinking.
No, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
- No more procrastinating.
- I'm thinking!
No, okay, watch.
Look, look, look, look.
Huh?
Exercise lubricates the brain.
Oh, Dogs For the Preacher?
[laughs]
It works.
Call Tyler.
See if he'll play Rollers
before they leave town.
I don't, I don't know.
Get him good and drunk, too,
because they gotta play for free
if we're gonna hit out mark.
[Rufus groans]
Hey.
Tyler loves ya, and he loves
Rollers.
All you have to do is ask.
Your breath is smoldering.
Oh, that's what makes me
so cozy, like a fireplace.
[Quinn] Oh.
Uh oh.
- [groaning]
- Uh oh.
Mm, was I interrupting
something?
Just this man s'more.
[groaning]
There's someone here to see you.
We're closed.
Yeah. Not like that.
Listen no, seriously. I am busy.
This is not a good time.
Like seriously, come on, you
gotta go.
You're right, yeah,
we gotta go. Come on.
You gotta see. Let's go.
- Come on, you gotta get up.
- I didn't mean it like that.
I meant-
- All right, fine, okay fine.
- No, no, no, no!
Fine, fine!
"Dear diary..."
Rufus. How scandalous.
[soft piano music]
Doom, doom!
- [clapping]
- Ah.
That was nice.
Look at you playin' the piano
now.
This piano is so out
of tune. Listen to this.
[piano key pings]
Sounds good to me.
You just like let it
fall to shit since I left.
- Look.
- How's the tour?
How's the tour?
I mean I've seen, I've seen
your pictures and stuff.
Yeah. Yeah.
Tour's good.
It's not the one that's
gonna push us over the top,
but it's a step.
Oh no, that is a big Sumo step.
Yeah.
- Actually um, I quit the band.
- What?
Yeah. It wasn't going anywhere,
so...
But you guys are killing it.
[Jane chuckles]
Yeah.
You know, it's funny because
it's like,
when you're on the
outside, you look at people
and you think they're
either like successful
or not successful.
And then uh, you get
closer and you realize
that the people you
thought were killing it
are um, sleeping in their vans.
Well, half the people I know
are sleeping on private jets,
so.
That's, well, yeah.
[Rufus] So yeah.
- Yeah.
Ah, but um, do you know what's
next?
Uh, no.
Why don't you stay here?
Could be fun.
Thinking about it.
I mean, unless you have
The Wonkies play again.
- Oh come on.
- In which case,
- I cannot be seen here.
- That was one time!
- Actually yeah right.
- That was one low moment.
Paisley, do not like to me.
- Don't lie to me, okay?
- Okay.
- I wilt not lie.
- Thank you.
I'll tell you the truth.
Tell me the truth.
I want the money.
Ah, I see.
The money, okay.
I can understand that, yeah.
Yeah.
Um, how is that uh, side of
things?
Oh, the money side?
It's good.
It's great.
I mean, there's some ups and
downs
but you know, we're, we're
solid.
Cool.
- [Rufus chuckles]
- Well, um, I could use a drink.
- Okay. Let's do it.
- If at all possible.
- Get outta here.
- All right.
- Okay actually, I need help.
- Oh, okay, okay.
- Okay.
- [laughing]
[laughing]
We went from Portland to
New York and then back to LA
after we got that call.
I can't believe we did that
whole trip in eight days.
Oh shi...
God, that was, that was gnarly.
Yeah, it was.
It was kind of amazing though.
Definitely.
♪ I gotta say I love you ♪
Oh man.
Do you remember that time...
[laughs]
We left you at that gas station
- in the middle of the night?
- [Rufus laughs]
Yeah. [laughs]
We drove for like an
hour before we realized
you weren't with us.
- In the middle of the night.
- [Rufus laughs]
Yeah. Yeah, I remember.
[laughing]
Uh...
Is that the Tyler Bolton
special?
First one off the line.
Phew.
You want to see it?
Yes.
♪ 'Cause I love you ♪
[Rufus humming]
Man.
That's nasty.
Yeah, man.
It's pretty crazy.
Still feels so weird that I
have my own line of guitars.
Shit, I can imagine.
[Tyler] You've been playing much
lately?
[Rufus] Ah, no, no, not, not
really.
[Tyler] Yeah.
We should play again, me and
you.
♪ I gotta say I love you ♪
♪ Oh yeah ♪
Yeah.
♪ What more can I do ♪
♪ To let you know it's true ♪
♪ I ♪
♪ I love you ♪
Not too much.
Just a skosh.
I haven't eaten since breakfast.
[Jane] Which one is this one?
Rollers Red, okay.
[Rufus] Yeah, this is
Rollers Red, all right?
- Yeah.
- L'Chaim.
[Jane] L'Cha-
How about to Rollers?
Eyes to Rollers.
- To Rollers.
- [glasses clink]
Oh, fuck.
Mmm.
[slams]
Ah!
[burps]
- Let's go!
- Oh my god.
All right.
- Let's do this.
- Wait.
- There's not enough room.
- What, you want a rematch?
There's not enough room.
Of course I want a rematch.
- Come on.
- Rematch?
Now we're doing Johnny's Breath.
- This is gonna really-
- Okay?
- Okay.
- Here we go.
Eyes...
[Both] To Rollers!
[glass slams]
I am a god!
[burps]
Ah!
Come on, you can do it!
You can do it!
Yeah!
- Okay, you ready for this?
- All right, I'm ready.
You're walkin' all slow.
- Excuse me.
- What?
[Jane] I have like six
pounds of beer in my stomach.
- [glass clink]
- Give me a break.
Yeah, so?
- Okay.
- All right, here we go.
- You ready for this?
- L'Chaim.
[Rufus grunts]
Yum.
[Rufus sighs]
[Jane sighs]
I'm fine, by the way.
That's good.
- Oh, oh, my, I...
- [Jane chuckles]
I apologize.
- Your dad.
- Yeah.
I wasn't, I...
I didn't, I didn't forget.
- I just...
- No, it's cool.
You know, I didn't forget he
died.
Seriously, it's fine.
Don't worry about it.
- Hey.
- [Maddie screams]
- There she is.
- Hey!
Oh!
[laughs]
Hi.
- Oh my god.
- What are you doing here?
You look so beautiful.
- Look at you.
- Well thank you, my love.
- Thank you.
- Oh, oh, oh.
I'm here to uh, hang out and
cheer up
old Rufie over here
because he is depressed.
I'm not depressed.
Yeah, he's depressed. Look at
his face.
[Maddie] Yeah, everybody
knows he's depressed.
- Depressed.
- No, I'm not depressed,
but I will say I'm happy Jane is
here.
[Jane gasps]
Jane also happy Jane here.
What?
Fucking smoke it.
[laughing]
Smoke it.
Yeah, come on.
What is wrong with you?
Let it still, smoke a cigarette-
- I'm pregnant.
- With your friend.
What?
I'm pregnant.
For real?
- Yeah.
- Are you fu-
You're not fucking with me, are
you?
- For real?
- No.
Get this shit away from my baby.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Holy shit.
No!
- Are you fucking kidding me?
- No, I'm pregnant.
Oh my god.
Oh my god, I'm so fucking happy
for you.
Holy shit, you're fucking
pregnant!
- [Maddie yells]
- Are you fucking kidding me?
Shh, shh, shh.
Shh.
Shh, shh, sorry.
I'm drunk, I'm sorry.
- I'm a little drunk.
- It's okay, it's okay.
Okay, okay.
I just cannot fucking...
Oh shit. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
God get this shit away from you.
Fuck.
Whoa.
Um, okay.
How um, how many, like how,
how, how far along are you?
How big is it?
Is it, is it like a lemon?
- Is it smaller than a lemon?
- Well, I am about two months.
Two months?
Yeah, so we aren't telling
anyone yet.
Okay.
Yeah, no, no.
- I'm gonna keep it-
- Shh.
I'll keep it zipped right up.
I'll keep it up.
Yeah.
- Holy shit.
- [Maddie laughs]
So like what are you
gonna do when um, the,
it's so weird to say this.
What are you gonna do when the
baby comes?
Baby.
I'll get bought out and stay
home.
Wow.
- To pursue writing full time.
- Right, right, right, right.
Of course.
I mean, but like, if
you want to stay home,
dude you just fucking stay home.
You know?
Just stay home.
- Thanks.
- Yeah, just do it.
I don't want to leave
completely.
Yeah.
I always feel I'll be
fine with one foot in,
and then I get tractor-beamed.
Boom.
That Rufus Paisley tractor beam.
I'm very familiar with that.
Yeah.
Especially because things
were so rough for awhile, so.
What do you mean?
Jamie and I had to
like loan the business
some money like sometime back.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
Wow. I didn't, I didn't know
that.
[Maddie] Yeah.
[Tyler] A little more
than a skosh, sorry.
So how's it feel?
What?
Being a big deal, man.
Playing for 20,000
screaming fans every night,
taking the earth by the horns?
No, it's cool, you know?
It's cool?
Yeah.
I mean, it's kinda, you know,
it's the same thing right?
Just higher stakes.
More pressures and...
I mean, I'm not complaining.
Don't get me wrong.
We've been crazy lucky.
- Yeah.
- But I don't know, man.
Sometimes I think about those,
those old days when we were
playing at Rollers all the time,
- back when it was just for fun.
- [Rufus chuckles]
I don't know, it's
usually when I'm sitting
in another fucking meeting with
some fucktard marketing exec and
I just,
I wish I could live in
your world for awhile.
[Rufus laughs]
Take all that pressure
off, though, really.
[Rufus chuckles]
You know what I mean?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I get it.
- I'm just-
- Yeah, yeah, Tyler,
I, I get it.
I get it.
Look, I'm just trying to say,
man,
I miss being around, you know?
Huh.
That's cool.
I mean, we both know what
happened.
No, we don't.
You got big and you bailed.
[Tyler scoffs]
Yeah.
And now you want to
come back to your roots
to the land of who the fuck
cares
so you can remember what it's
like to live
without all that horrible
pressure
from people throwing money at
you
and going broke from screaming
your name.
Oh my god, I get it.
- I get it.
- If that's the story you
wanna tell yourself man, go for
it.
No, it's not a story.
It's what happened, Tyler.
You ghosted me, dude.
I quit calling because
you quit answering, man.
Yeah, 'cause you sold out.
Dude, you're the one
bailing on legit acts
so you can book a fucking kids
band, man.
Yeah, yeah. People talk, man.
You should know that.
And just because we're popular
doesn't mean we sold out, man.
We play the music we love.
Yeah, bro, because I
hustled for you, man.
And that's why I'm here, Rufus.
I'm fuckin' here, man.
I should've known that all I'd
hear
is the same old garbage
from another jaded musician
who couldn't hack it on the
road.
Hey, by the way? Man,
we could have been huge.
But you quit.
That deal was almost closed,
but you chose to come back to
Rollers, and I started Dogs.
That's life, man.
[slams]
Fuck!
Everything okay, Rufus?
Is he okay?
[guitar strumming]
You didn't even ask?
It didn't come up.
That's the whole point of going
to talk to him, man, was to ask
him.
Yeah but just, let's,
let's have a party.
- A party?
- Yeah.
We are on our backs right now
with three lawyers standing over
us.
And you know what they have?
You know what they have in their
hands?
Socks full of nickels, man.
Yeah, but let's just have a
party.
Yo man, I just, I need a drink,
bro.
You're already drunk.
Know what? Here.
Chill pills.
Take a few.
[Donnie grunts]
You have an opportunity to save
Rollers
and all you gotta do is talk to
Tyler
and tell him what's really going
on.
This is about Jane, isn't it?
No, no. This is not about Jane.
This is about Rollers, man,
okay?
And the people who play here and
see shows
and you and Mills and Quinn and
Taylor.
Oh, she quit today, but,
you know what I mean.
You get like this.
You act like a crackhead
every time she's around.
Her dad died, Donnie.
- So?
- Seriously.
[door opens]
- Hey.
- All right.
You just barged right in.
Thank you.
Oh. Oh, y'all want me to come
back?
Oh no, no, no. We're
about to have a party.
- Oh, a party?
- Yes, a party.
Yes.
Wait, did you get that
electrician scheduled?
- Because how are we gonna-
- No, no.
Forget the electrician. Forget
it.
It's just, just for the box by
the stage.
I mean you said that last week
and it's-
Yes, forget last week.
I'm talking about right now and
right now,
I think you should have a beer,
okay?
I know you should have a beer.
That's technically illegal,
but I'm the master of this
domain,
and if I say you should have a
beer,
you, sir, should have a beer.
Okay?
So...
Brewski mode activated.
Let's drink beer.
Beer will make us happy.
Why am I not in that picture?
When did, when did that happen?
This picture was before you bro.
[Donnie] If we drink,
the pain will go away.
It always does.
You have an opportunity to
save Rollers right now, man,
and all you have to do is talk
to Tyler
and tell him what's really going
on.
This is about Jane, isn't it?
[Stan] Rufus, it's Stan again.
Look, I believe in you, kid.
But I put my ass out there
for this refi, all right?
Now I need your help.
So give me that check first
thing on Monday morning
or a check won't do it anymore,
and you're gonna have to
dislodge Potter's
fat fist from my ass.
Call me. Just call me.
♪ It's a lonely home ♪
♪ I know ♪
♪ I can't make it ♪
♪ I need you ♪
♪ Need you ♪
Oh.
What are you doin'?
Who are these guys?
Oh, Bargou 08. They're Tunisian.
Oh, look at you, fancy.
Yes.
Just going international on us.
Yes. I am on a plane in my mind.
[Jane laughs]
Hey.
- Hm?
- Hey, hey there.
Yes?
- Hey.
- Are you beckoning?
Yeah, thanks for meeting me
here.
How'd it go with Tyler?
[Rufus] Good.
You didn't, you didn't ask him,
did you?
What are you so fucking
worried about, dude?
Come on.
I don't know.
[Rufus sighs]
Honestly, we, we kinda got into
it.
Really?
Yeah, he started complaining
about how difficult
- it is to be successful.
- Ooh.
- Yes, a lot of whispering.
- Uh uh.
Yeah, he does that.
Well, you know what? He
will get over it, so.
Yeah, so I murdered him.
I understand.
Did you want me to, did you want
me
to talk to his ghost, though,
for you,
about coming here to play?
Nah.
- No?
- No, no, no.
I'm offering, so don't act
like you don't need the help.
[upbeat, funky music]
His wishes are very rare.
Rick's wishes, they're very,
very rare.
- R-Rick?
- Especially in recent years.
- Who is Rick?
- So, that's...
Boom, Rick.
What am I supposed to ask him
for?
He's drunk, I mean...
He's not, he's not drunk.
He's Rick, okay?
And you can ask him anything
you want, obviously.
[Rufus] But!
- Anything?
- But!
Am I telling the story?
You...
Who's telling the story?
Am I telling the story.
You.
- Okay.
- You, me!
Okay, okay.
- You tell it!
- Okay, shut up.
Shut your fucking mouth.
You can, you can wish
for anything you want,
but just know that what you wish
for
is going to affect your
relationship.
That is, that's all I have to
say.
What do you...
How? What do you mean?
Oh, you want to know how I broke
my leg?
I, yes, but I don't
want it to be my wish.
- I mean...
- Oh, sir.
Do not you worry.
I broke my leg because Nate
Drexler
wished me to jump off
the roof of his house.
Chow, pow.
And you...
- And you did it?
- Of course.
He's Rick. That's what he does.
- That's his way.
- It was his wish.
Don't question Rick. That's
ridiculous.
But we never spoke again.
Mm, 'cause...
Okay. I think I know what my
wish is.
Additionally, you can save it
for up to three months if you
like.
Why are there so many rules?
They're meant to help
- guide, you, sir.
- It's Rick's way!
They are a powerful tool.
Okay.
- I know what my wish is.
- [Jane gasps]
Lay it on me, sir.
I want you to teach
me about the business.
Like how it works, so maybe I
could
have one of my own someday.
I don't know, that'd
be pretty dope, right?
- [spits]
- [drink trickling]
What the fuck, dude?
[Jane] Oh, oh!
[Rufus sobs]
I like this.
- I like it.
- Wish granted, my man.
[Jane] That's good.
[upbeat rock music]
[Donnie yells]
♪ Five dirty fivers ♪
♪ In a Tercel tonight ♪
♪ Ridin' and sayin'
everything's all right ♪
♪ Stevie and Emily don't touch
anymore ♪
♪ He hates her mother ♪
♪ She hates him more ♪
♪ Everything's ours tonight,
tonight ♪
♪ We're breakin' out tonight,
[upbeat rock music]
[guitar chord strums]
[Man 1] Daddy, what's that
sound?
[Man 2] Don't worry, buddy.
It's just Cramer J and Captain
Dingus.
[Captain Dingus] Talk to me,
Cramer J.
[Cramer J] I could be wrong,
but I'm starting to think
that this ass clown wants
his life to fall apart.
[Captain Dingus] Certainly
does appear that way, Cramer J.
That's right. We're
talking to you, dumb ass.
It's 11:00 AM and Rollers
is not gonna save itself.
[Cramer J] Well, you know, in
honor of
chief fart face himself,
we've got a very special tune.
"People Are Stupid All Over the
World."
[Jaime] Hello?
[upbeat music]
Hey, man.
♪ Ain't it funny how we falter ♪
♪ Whether your hair is
straight, wavy, or curled ♪
Hey, come on, we're gonna be
late.
♪ I said people are stupid
all over the world ♪
- [gurgling]
- Oh.
- [spits]
- Ooh.
[Maddie coughs]
All right, all right.
Mm.
Uh, make sure that we have my
bag.
I'll get it.
And I need to just get my stuff.
All right, I'll grab it.
Don't forget the Pedialyte.
Jane?
Wanna get coffee?
What are you doin'?
Oh.
Last night was fun.
Like the old days.
- Yeah.
- [laughing]
God, I miss the old days.
Me, too.
Although I can not
drink like the old days.
- I know, right?
- Good Lord.
- I feel awful.
- Oh my legs are sore.
Like, why am I, why are my legs
sore?
You were dancing.
You were dancing like a fool.
[laughs]
Okay.
[chuckles]
- Rufus?
- [tense, dramatic music]
Rufus, hello, what? What's the
matter?
[Rufus] Oh uh, uh...
I, yeah, we should head back.
Oh, okay.
[soft music]
Yeah, I've been thinking a lot
about the whole Tyler situation.
You ready to call in an air
strike?
Yeah, just drop some 'palm on
him.
Okay, yep.
Seriously, I...
I need you to talk to him
'cause he's gotta do the show
pro bono.
Okay.
So you knew about the situation?
With the bank?
Yep.
Maddie?
Right.
Look, I'm sorry.
- I was going to tell you-
- Uh uh.
I just...
No, believe me, I was gonna tell
you.
No, dude, I, no, I believe you.
Just uh, a lot going on.
Yeah, I know.
Hey.
Maybe it's time.
Maybe it's not.
All right.
Whenever you're ready, man.
[soft piano music]
[upbeat piano music]
♪ Where would I be without you ♪
♪ Where would I be without you,
you, you ♪
♪ I hope I'm even half the
friend that you've been, oh ♪
♪ 'Cause my life is twice
as rich with you in it ♪
♪ Whoa, whoa, whoa ♪
♪ Where would I be without you ♪
♪ Whoa oh oh oh ♪
♪ I'll never, never wanna find
out ♪
♪ Where would I be without you ♪
♪ Where would I be without you
oh oh oh ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
[clapping]
Wow, I am...
So horny.
You know Jefferson's is
the biggest room he's played?
That's insane.
This is, that was insane.
This is why I have to save
Roller's.
[phone buzzes]
Speaking of, there's Tyler.
- Hey.
- [soft music]
Benny.
They can't tear anything
down without your permission.
Well, they can't build the new
buildings
until they tear the old ones
down.
Progress, Rufus, progress.
Let me get in, let me get in.
Half the properties around here
were vacant-less 10 years ago.
[Rufus sighs]
Well, Benny, can't you
tell 'em just to fuck off?
[Benny clears throat]
[Benny] What's your annual
revenue?
And how many employees you got?
And when's the last time
you paid for a beer here, man?
I'm just kiddin', Rufus.
Just kiddin'.
Look, you've been around a long
time.
Your family are friends of mine.
You're my friend.
But friendship doesn't
fund the city's government,
and neither does Roller's.
♪ Change is ♪
Aw, come on.
♪ Runnin' through my veins ♪
I...
Benny, I don't want this.
It's for the beers.
Same time next week?
I mean, if we're open, man.
Benny, it's my putter.
I was gonna pawn that.
Thank you.
♪ Anymore ♪
♪ Oh no ♪
♪ Gotta figure out the scene ♪
♪ There's something not right
with me ♪
♪ Just sittin' here workin' the
brain ♪
Oh ho ho ho ho ho.
It's like Christmas morning.
- Thank you Santa.
- [Rufus chuckles]
So how did it go down?
Just uh, caught up.
Told him that you felt bad about
like what happened last time.
Ooh. Was he pissed?
A little bit, but I mean,
he knows you're under a
lot of presh over here, so.
So you didn't tell him the
details of our situation?
[Jane] I kept it brief.
Now you got me curious.
Don't be curious.
Just be happy he's playing.
You told him.
[Jane] So what if I told him?
Now everybody's going
to know that we're broke.
So what? Who cares if you're
broke?
Everybody's broke.
- Tyler's not.
- What does it matter?
And now he's going to tell all
of
his rich, successful friends.
Oh my god.
Dude. Rufus, are you serious?
Do you think that Tyler calls
his rich, successful friends
and just like talks
about you the whole time?
It's fuckin' ridiculous.
[Jane scoffs]
[soft, tense music]
Thank you for fixing things with
Tyler.
Even though now I look
like a little bitch.
Newsflash, you are a little
bitch.
And you're welcome.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait.
Wait.
I'm sorry I'm being a dick.
It's a pizza pipe.
- A pizza pipe?
- Mhm.
I'm sorry about not
asking you how you been.
About your dad and all that.
It's fine.
It's not fine. It's shitty.
I forgive you.
Can I be honest with
you about something?
[soft music]
[upbeat acoustic music]
[Jane] Go up and then
down. Up and then down.
[upbeat music]
♪ Let me lead you on ♪
♪ You know that ♪
♪ I'll leave a bag of
bones when I'm done ♪
♪ Take the whole world on ♪
♪ I mean it ♪
♪ Who better than us to get it
done ♪
♪ In these days to come ♪
♪ I know that the wind'll
blow my heart around ♪
♪ Yeah I've seen enough ♪
♪ I seen my friends let the
dark get the better of them ♪
♪ But in the end ♪
♪ All this is for you ♪
♪ Every bit ♪
♪ Of this is for you ♪
♪ When the signs of fashion go ♪
♪ You're still the music in my
head oh ♪
♪ And you play on ♪
♪ Play on ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ I said I have to go ♪
♪ Don't wanna waste away ♪
♪ Waitin' to be told ♪
♪ My part in the show ♪
♪ I figured out for me ♪
[Rufus] Come on.
[birds chirping]
What the eff Maddie?
[Donnie] What the eff, Ma-Mad...
[Maddie laughs]
Donnie, could you give us a
minute?
Oh.
Damn.
Yep. Okay.
Sorry.
Come on, man.
What are you doin' down there?
[Donnie] I fell asleep.
I was looking for um, oh, my
shirt.
- Okay now, come on.
- Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.
- Everything hurts.
- Okay.
- All right.
[Donnie] Your hands feel great
though.
- I love you, man.
- Thank you.
- I love you, too.
- Okay.
I love you, too.
Okay.
Oh, I think I had pants.
No, I don't see any pants, bro.
[Maddie laughs]
So?
Rufus, what?
You don't have any business
telling Jane our private
business.
The loan?
Yes, duh.
Okay.
I'm failing to see how that's a
problem
worthy of what the fuck?
[Rufus scoffs]
Now Jane's gonna think I'm lying
to her.
Uh, you were lying to her.
I didn't lie.
I just... [chuckles]
I was just telling her
what she needed to know.
Okay. I'm already having a day.
I don't need it from you.
You know what, Maddie?
I just don't want you to
fuck this up for me, okay?
What?
You don't have any right, any
right,
to tell anybody, anybody not
even Jane, that I failed.
[Maddie scoffs]
Wow.
This is sad.
You are sad.
You know you just,
you just don't get it.
Oh, no, I think I get it.
I think you're acting pretty
pathetic.
[Rufus laughs]
- Ah, you know...
- [Maddie laughs]
You know, for you, Rollers
is like a goldfish.
If it lives, fine, if it
dies, you just, poosh,
flush it down the toilet and
move on
like nothing ever happened.
Because I have a life, Rufus.
This is my life.
It's not a game.
That's not my fault.
You know, you can run away if
you like,
but uh, mom and dad put
everything into this place.
We grew up here.
Exactly.
We grew up here because
they could never go home.
You know what Rufus?
That was their choice, but it's
not mine.
[phone buzzing]
This is Rufus.
[Woman] Finally Rufus.
Look kid, whatever's going on,
I'm sure I can help you with it,
but you've gotta take my calls.
Fuck off.
[grunts]
- [thuds]
- [Rufus gasps]
[sighs]
Mills.
Hey.
I was thinking if you need
somebody
to play tonight, you know.
Not tonight, Mills.
[Rufus chuckles]
Okay.
No worries.
[Jane] Hey ya dingus.
Um, I was thinking that
we should um just talk,
do a little debrief.
Um, anyway, uh, I'm
gonna go grab some drinks
with some old friends from
Central if you wanna join.
Or you know, you could
get loaded by yourself.
It's up to you.
Okay.
Hope to see you there.
[Tyler] Yo, it's Tyler.
Um...
I talked to Jane and uh, yeah
man,
I, I'm down to do what I can to
help.
I know things have been pretty
tough.
I think we should talk, though,
you know?
We should sort this shit
out before the show.
I'm actually grabbing drinks
with Jane
tonight with some people from
the old crew if you wanna,
I don't know, if you wanna
join and we can talk there.
I don't want things to be this
way, man.
I miss you.
- Um...
- [soft piano playing]
All right. I'll uh, I'll
see you tonight, I hope.
[Donnie] Hey buddy.
Hope you're doing okay.
Wasn't anything going on
so I decided to stay home.
You wanna uh, you wanna
play some Yahtzee? Monopoly?
You can play with two people.
♪ Only you, baby, can put out
this fire ♪
♪ Only you, baby, can put this
fire ♪
[upbeat rhythmic music]
[soft, rhythmic music]
- [soft music]
- [basket rattling]
Hey.
[soft music]
Hey!
[soft, tense music]
[basket rattling]
Hey! Wait!
[soft electronic music]
[upbeat music]
♪ Like a warm sunshine ♪
♪ On a straight pathway ♪
♪ Yet you are soft ♪
[Rufus yelling]
[Jane laughs]
Fuck.
I'm sorry.
- It's cool, it's cool.
- I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
It's cool. [chuckles]
It's cool.
[soft music]
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Here comes that same old hurt ♪
♪ No, no, baby ♪
♪ This can't be true ♪
♪ Now I don't want you to see me
cry ♪
♪ Tell me, darlin' ♪
♪ What did I do ♪
♪ Now we can work it out if you
want to ♪
♪ But if you feel you'd rather
not try ♪
♪ I'll be blue ♪
♪ You said our love would always
be ♪
♪ If this is love, oh can't you
see ♪
♪ I love you ♪
[soft, upbeat music]
[Jane] Rufus?
[Man] Do you wanna hear one
more?
[soft, romantic soul music]
♪ I looked into her eyes ♪
♪ Bop-she-bop ♪
♪ There I saw smoldering fire ♪
♪ Bop-she-Bop ♪
♪ I held her in my arms ♪
♪ As we stood on the threshold ♪
♪ We stood on the threshold ♪
♪ Ooh we stood on the threshold ♪
♪ Of paradise ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ♪
[soft, romantic soul music]
[Jane chuckles]
What?
I was just thinking
about 15-year-old Rufus.
[Rufus laughs]
- I think you mean peak Rufus.
- [Jane chuckles]
I mean chunky Rufus.
- Oh.
- Little chunky monster.
Yeah.
[laughs]
[Rufus blows raspberry]
You were hanging out at the bar
with um,
what is that guy's name?
- What, RJ?
- They guy, the with the-
Yes, RJ.
What were we doing?
I mean, trying to look
cool probably. Yeah.
God, you were so boring before
you started hanging out with us.
- Just a snooze fest.
- [Rufus laughs]
I don't know why I was
hanging out with those guys.
[Jane chuckles]
[Rufus sighs]
You know, I don't think I
realized until last year
that they were just constantly
beating the shit out of me.
[Jane laughs]
Seriously.
How do you not notice that
somebody's
beating the shit out of you?
I thought I was having fun, too.
Oh.
- Which is dumb as-
- Yep.
Yeah.
- Yeah.
I guess I can relate to that.
Let's burn one, baby.
Come on.
Yeah.
[Rufus grunts]
[sighs]
- ♪ So much love, yeah ♪
- Oh yeah.
Look at that view.
[laughing]
Oh man. [laughs]
The first time I walked was
here.
Really?
Yeah.
Just about every other first,
too.
That's wild.
♪ To make its play ♪
♪ And waiting for peace to have
its day ♪
- [Rufus sighs]
- [cars passing]
♪ In this world ♪
Who is this?
Are you fucking kidding?
This is Barbara Howard.
She's good.
Uh yeah. She's good.
She's amazing. She's great.
She's phenomenal.
She is hired. Like, we should
book her.
Oh dude, she is huge.
She would never play here.
- [Rufus sighs]
- Ooh.
As soon as that was coming
out, I was like whoops.
- Jesus.
- Back in there.
- Right back in.
- Punch to the kidney.
Sorry.
- It's just-
- Felt it in the plums.
[Rufus sighs]
- Passing a gallstone.
- [laughing]
Good Lord.
- My bad.
- [laughing]
I'm eternally sorry.
[laughing]
But it's true.
Yeah, it is true.
Okay. Let me ask you something.
And you don't have to answer.
This is just like food for
thought, okay?
- Okay.
- Just a little snack.
And you just, I mean, just
be 100% honest with yourself
- because this is-
- Will you just spit it out?
Okay, okay, okay. I'm just...
Ah, spit it out.
Deep down, are you more scared
of
losing Rollers or saving it?
[Rufus sighs heavily]
Boom.
Take that one.
Take the train straight to
Ponder City
with that in your back pocket.
- Ooh, the rent is high there.
- It is.
It is a dangerous
neighborhood in Ponder City.
- Get stabbed with a check.
- Yeah, watch out.
♪ Ooh baby ♪
♪ Let somebody know ♪
♪ Come on ♪
♪ Come on and smile ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ♪
♪ Now don't you know ♪
♪ I'm with you all the way ♪
♪ That's how much I love you ♪
♪ What more can I say ♪
♪ It's easier ♪
♪ It's so much easier ♪
♪ To smile ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Smile ♪
- [hits]
- [door thuds]
- [insects buzzing]
- [cars passing in the distance]
[car starts up]
[electric whirring]
♪ Oh paradise ♪
[Cramer J] Cramer J here.
We've got a special track for
a man having a tough night.
We're gonna play one of his
hits,
his only hit in fact, "10
Letters."
Rufus, this one's for you.
Yeah, man.
[soft rock music]
♪ It's all right ♪
I will a bag of bones. [laughs]
♪ Every day ♪
♪ This is for you ♪
- [mumble singing]
- [soft rock music]
♪ That's what you wanted
yesterday ♪
♪ Should we back down,
step back, walk away ♪
Bro.
Bro, you won't my calls, bro.
♪ It's just flower and decay ♪
Let's jam, bro!
Come on!
The fuck?
What the fuck, bro?
[soft music]
My bad.
It's like
I'm just tired, you know?
[trunk honks]
All right, we're good.
We're good.
Remember also the Creator
in the days of your youth,
before the days of evil come
and the years draw near
in which you will say
I have no pleasure in them.
Before the silver cord snaps,
and the golden bowl is broken,
and the pitcher is
shattered at the fountain
and the dust returns
to the earth as it was,
and the spirit
returns to God who gave it.
Humanity.
All is vanity.
[tense music]
[crashing]
- [metal squeals]
- [glass shatters]
[machine beeping]
[Rufus groans]
- Oh, hey, sleepy head.
- [Rufus grumbles]
Where the hell are we?
[Rufus sighs]
- Mmm.
- Oh, Donnie.
No.
- Mmm.
- Ah.
Let me love you.
[Rufus sighs]
I'm glad you're okay.
Yeah, me too.
Seriously, dude, what the H
happened?
[Jane] Lost your shit, dude.
[Maddie] Mhm.
And you pooped your pants.
Don't worry.
Nurse didn't wipe your butt.
I did.
Hey.
I'm glad you're feeling better.
Can you guys give me and Rufus a
minute?
[machine beeping]
[Rufus groans]
[grunts]
Man, this pudding is so good.
So much better here
than at the gas station.
I think it's like
- a temperature thing.
- Jane, Jane, just...
[Rufus sighs]
You went on a little nighttime
adventure
and crashed your car into
Tyler's studio.
- Tyler!
- [car honking]
Tyler!
[machine beeping]
So no show?
Jesus.
Rufus.
[machine beeping]
[Rufus grunts]
[sighs]
[Jane sighs]
[machine beeping]
I'm really glad we
had this conversation.
[laughing]
What?
You gotta figure out what you
want
to do with Rollers, man.
[Rufus sighs]
I don't know.
I just know people need Rollers.
Dude.
The whole community is
not gonna fall apart
because you gotta quit.
You're not fuckin' George
Bailey.
But you are Rufus Paisley.
And I need you.
I'm really glad that you came
back.
Me, too.
[Cramer J] It's a sad day
here in the Grotto folks.
It feels like we're losing
a member of a family.
[Captain Dingus] After 101
years,
tonight marks the last show
before Rollers
closes its doors forever.
[Cramer J] Now we
called up longtime owner
and operator Rufus Paisley
to give us some thoughts,
and he asked us to play an
interview
we did with his dad years ago
when Rollers was hitting
a bit of a rough patch.
[Captain Dingus] Roll the tape,
Jerry.
[Cramer J] Rollers is a
huge part of this community.
Now is this the end? Is
this the end of the line?
[Ragged Man] Well, my
grandmother,
her favorite thing to say was
there's a time for everything.
A time to eat, and a time to be
hungry,
she used to say when I'd come
crashing into her kitchen.
[Captain Dingus] Well a lovely
story.
I think what we're all
dying to know, though,
is how hot was your grandma?
[Ragged Man laughs]
The people wanna know, Mr.
Paisley.
[laughing]
[Cramer J] All kidding aside,
settle down, Dingus, okay?
Mr. Paisley, we're dying to
know,
is this the end of the line?
[Ragged Man] No,
that's not why I'm here.
But when that day does come and
it will,
it won't be the end.
See, Rollers isn't just a place,
a couple of plaster walls and a
stage.
Rollers is a family, a group of
all sorts
of crazy ass people who came
together
to make all sorts of things
like love, trouble, music.
And I know that as long
as people keep doing that,
keep reaching outside themselves,
keep that, that spirit,
Rollers will always live on.
[upbeat music]
[Rufus] Hey.
[cheering]
- Woo! Yeah, baby.
- [upbeat music]
♪ Time ♪
♪ Can make you change your mind ♪
♪ Can make you laugh ♪
♪ Can make you cry ♪
♪ Girl, will you ever be mine ♪
♪ Time, yeah ♪
♪ Can make you feel a little bit
blue ♪
♪ When it comes to you, baby ♪
♪ Aye ♪
♪ Your time has always been
true, yeah ♪
♪ Me and my baby ♪
♪ We were walkin' ♪
♪ We stopped, yeah ♪
♪ We was talkin' ♪
♪ I said baby ♪
♪ You got love on your mind ♪
♪ Oh, but lovin', babe ♪
♪ Takes a little time, yeah,
yeah ♪
♪ Time ♪
♪ Can feel just like a dream ♪
♪ I'm thinkin' about time, yeah ♪
♪ Oh, just ♪
[soft piano music]
[electric guitar chord]
[upbeat rock music]
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
♪ When I was a child I
walked like a child ♪
♪ Talked like a child,
I acted like a child ♪
♪ Now I'm a man through
with my childish ways ♪
♪ And baby I got news for you ♪
♪ Oh there's a few things
that you gotta do ♪
♪ You gotta hold me ♪
♪ Hold me ♪
♪ Love me ♪
♪ Squeeze me ♪
♪ Or I'll be gone ♪
[upbeat rock music]
♪ Little girl ♪
♪ Listen ♪
♪ When I was child I played like
a child ♪
♪ Stayed like a child,
obeyed like a child ♪
♪ Now I'm a man through
with my childish ways ♪
♪ You see, I'll leave my
shell like a butterfly ♪
♪ Spread my wings, take to the
sky ♪
♪ I'll be leavin' ♪
♪ Leavin' ♪
♪ I'll be free then ♪
♪ Free then ♪
♪ 'Cause I'll be gone ♪
[upbeat, funky music]
♪ Look ♪
♪ There's a few things
you gotta do ♪
♪ Let me tell me about a few ♪
♪ You gotta love me ♪
♪ You gotta hold me ♪
♪ Squeeze me ♪
♪ Or I'll be gone ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ There's a few things
you've got to do ♪
♪ There's a few things you've
got to do ♪
♪ There's a few things
you've got to do ♪
♪ There's a few things you've
got to do ♪
♪ You gotta love me ♪
♪ Love me ♪
♪ Hold me ♪
♪ There's a few things
you've got to do ♪
♪ There's a few things you've
got to do ♪
♪ You've gotta squeeze me ♪
♪ Squeeze me ♪
♪ Love me ♪